Academy Glossary Update (#782)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/software-security/glossary.md

### Certificate authority

Often abbreviated as **CA**, a certificate or certification authority is a governing body that stores, signs, and issues digital certificates that can verify claims about the ownership of a given public key. Software consumers can use a CA to verify the assertions made about the private key that corresponds with the certified public key. A trusted third party, CAs use the X.509 or EMV standard to format certificates.

---

> ### CI/CD

Reviewer: I would probably put this in the top section, CI/CD is not necessarily security focused. I think we are operating under the assumption that most developers know this one, but not against adding it

Reviewer 2: Honestly, I did not know what it meant a few weeks ago, so it could be just me! I guess it doesn't hurt to add, though. I can move it up, I agree it fits there better.

## Attacks and vulnerabilities

### Codecov Hack

> An example of a software supply chain attack taking place in early 2021. The code coverage tool Codecov experienced a sophisticated attack in which their Bash uploader script was modified by a malicious actor. The affected script allowed the attacker to extract customer credentials passing through Codecov’s continuous integration (CI) platform, exposing services accessible with these credentials to further exploitation.

Reviewer: I would make this past tense

```suggestion
An example of a software supply chain attack that took place in early 2021. The code coverage tool Codecov experienced a sophisticated attack in which their Bash uploader script was modified by a malicious actor. The affected script allowed the attacker to extract customer credentials passing through Codecov’s continuous integration (CI) platform, exposing services accessible with these credentials to further exploitation.
```
